Update ARIA required properties rule to WAI-ARIA 1.2 (#1884)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/role-required-states-and-properties-4e8ab6.md

```html
<div role="scrollbar" aria-controls="content" aria-valuenow="0"></div>
<main id="content"></main>
```

### Passed Example 4

These `option` nodes do not need the required `aria-selected` property because it has a default value of `false`.

```html
<div id="label">Tags</div>
<ul role="listbox" aria-labelledby="label">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

### Passed Example 5

This `separator` is not a `widget` because it is not [focusable][]. The `separator` role only requires the `aria-valuenow` property when the element is focusable.

```html
<p>My first HTML</p>
<div role="separator"></div>
<p>My last HTML</p>
```

#### Passed Example 6

This `combobox` has the required properties `aria-controls` and `aria-expanded`.

```html
<label for="tag_combo">Tag</label>
<input type="text" id="tag_combo" role="combobox" aria-expanded="true" aria-controls="popup_listbox" />
<ul role="listbox" id="popup_listbox">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option" id="selected_option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

### Failed

#### Failed Example 1

> This `heading` does not have the required `aria-level` property. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `heading` role had an implicit default `aria-level` value of `2`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of the "historical" notes of "things were like that at some point but not anymore" 😕 
I feel they only bring value for people who know the details of ARIA 1.1 and wonder about this, but these are likely also the people who can look into the spec directly and figure out the difference by themselves.

Won't block anything because of these, however.

Author: I get your point, but I think many people do know there's a default level for the heading role. If we don't say this I'm concerned people could think we made a mistake. In my experience, people are more likely to question the quality of the example than they are the quality of their ARIA knowledge.

This doesn't need to be here forever, but I think to start off, it's helpful.

```html
<div role="switch">
	Toggle me
</div>
```

#### Failed Example 3

This `checkbox` does not have the required property `aria-checked`. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `checkbox` had an implicit default `aria-checked` value of `false`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

```html
<div role="checkbox" aria-labelledby="label"></div>
<div id="label">Check me</div>
```

#### Failed Example 4

This `separator` does not have the required `aria-valuenow` property. This is required because the `separator` is [focusable][], which makes it a `widget`.

```html
<p>My first HTML</p>
<div role="separator" tabindex="0"></div>
<p>My last HTML</p>
```

#### Failed Example 5

This `combobox` does not have the required `aria-expanded` property. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `combobox` had an implicit default `aria-expanded` value of `false`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

```html
<label for="tag_combo">Tag</label>
<input type="text" id="tag_combo" role="combobox" aria-controls="popup_listbox" />
<ul role="listbox" id="popup_listbox">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option" id="selected_option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

#### Failed Example 6

> This `combobox` uses `aria-owns` where it should use `aria-controls` property. This property is required as of [WAI-ARIA 1.1][].

Author: ```suggestion
This `combobox` uses `aria-owns` instead of using the required `aria-controls` property.
```

> This `combobox` uses `aria-owns` where it should use `aria-controls` property. This property is required as of [WAI-ARIA 1.1][].

Author: Probably right on this one. This has been required for years, people who knew about aria-owns being required probably know aria-controls is now too. I'll take that out.

#### Inapplicable Example 2

> This `checkbox` has an [implicit semantic role](#implicit-role) that is identical to the [explicit semantic role](#explicit-role). This allows native HTML `checked` state to apply.

Author: Good idea, but seems out of scope. Would you mind opening a separate PR, or an issue on this?
